Al AXA hospital has been treating the
wounded since the war on Gaza began
they've been constantly
overwhelmed many patients have no choice
but to sleep on the floor and some need
help that the hospital is unable to
provide I hope I'll be treated and that
I'll be cured so I can go home doctors
here say I might need to be treated
abroad Muhammad and his father were
injured when an Israeli bomb struck
their home doctors here at Al AA have
been able to make him comfortable but
he'll need treatment outside of Gaza if
he's ever to walk
again I've been waiting a long time to
travel abroad and get treatment I still
hope to get cured to be able to walk to
play with my friends and to go to
school Israel has shut down the crossing
to Egypt until it's open again patients
like Muhammad won't be able to get the
help they need Israel block is also
denying gaza's hospitals the medical
supplies they need to keep people alive
some patients are worried about what
will happen if they don't get proper
treatment because of all the disruption
I'm afraid that my leg will have to be
amputated here in the hospital there are
a lot of wounded and injured people and
the medical staff can't cope with these
big numbers sometimes they treat my
wounds even without anesthesia due to a
lack of supplies every day the hospital
receives more wounded
people doctors here say time is running
out and if Israel doesn't stop its
blockade many more people will
die there are more than 21,000
critically wounded people in Gaza some
of them have already died we urge the
Free World and the international
organizations to put pressure on Israel
to open the crossing they must allow the
wounded to travel for treatment allow
medical supplies to come in and allow
field hospitals to open the Rafa
Crossing has been closed for more than 3
weeks now leaving all of these injured
Palestinians in risk of death and a
deteriorating heal situation this is
hindar Al jaaz ala Hospital Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer